                                        06/15/94
HYPERCYCLES HINTS AND TIPS
-------------------------- 

Finding the right speed
-----------------------
  The accelerator option for your Hypercycle is located on level 1. Finding
it quickly and using it is important, especially when your are in higher
difficulty setting. 
  Use the up and down arrow keys to adjust to a speed high enough to 
stay in control but moderate enough to not to get reckless in close
confinements.
  When in the clear, slow down to look around. Hold down the Ctrl key
and press the left or right arrow key to allow a full 360 degree view
around you.
  
Enemy Riders
------------
  Go fast enough to be sure to keep the off your back. In higher difficulty
settings, this is mandatory.
  If you find yourself going head to head with stay in line with them (yes
I said stay in line with them) as long as you can then veer away as they 
close in.
  You should have better reflexes than most of them, so use that to your
advantage.
  If an enemy rider is destroyed, the walls that were created by the rider
with dissipate and clean open space.

Missile Launching
-----------------
The missile launcher is available on level 2 (if you picked the accelerator
up on level 1). Pick up as many globes as you can to increase the supplies
of your missiles. You can hold down the CTRL key and press the left and
right arrow keys to all a 360 degree view. This is great if a enemy rider 
is close to you, just swing your view around and launch your missiles.

Using the Laser Wall Projector
------------------------------
  Once you get this device, your then at least on a level playing field.
Don't lay walls unless you need to, remember they don't disappear unless 
you do.
  One good method is to try use an existing wall and pin (or encircle) an 
enemy rider against it.
  In a later level, you can get a Phase Shifter that allows you to pass thru
the walls you created with harm. 

Saving & Loading Games
----------------------
  Saved games will begin at the start of the level when loaded. Meaning you  
can't save the exact position in the middle of the run of a level. Be sure
to save after you have completed each level.

Power Level
-----------
  Power Packs on your Hypercycle will never go completely dead. If the 
power level indicator (yellow line in top left corner of screen) show that 
have very low power your speed will drop.
  Grab the globes that the saucer drops to help recharge your Hypercycles 
Power Packs.  The globes will also help recharge your shields and give you
various types of missiles.


